Effective Volto (#630)
plone/training: docs/effective-volto/addons/what-is-an-addon.md

---
myst:
  html_meta:

>     "description": "What is a Volto addon"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "description": "What is a Volto add-on"
```

>     "property=og:description": "What is a Volto addon"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "property=og:description": "What is a Volto add-on"
```

>     "property=og:title":  "What is a Volto addon"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "property=og:title":  "What is a Volto add-on"
```

    "keywords": "Volto, Plone, Webpack, Volto add-on"
---

> # What is a Volto addon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# What is a Volto add-on
```
